♫ Only You!  You... ♫
♫ My heart beats and I can't say anything ♫
♫  I only look at you like this  ♫
♫ Only you!  You... ♫
♫ With a fluttering heart, I will approach you ♫
♫ Open your heart a little bit to me ♫
♫ Only you... ♫
How come...
you always keep showing up?
It is really a coincidence. I'll go.
How come...
you are this pretty?
And if I am pretty?
What comes after that?
What comes after that is...
♫  From a distance over there  ♫
♫ I see you. My heart is pounding ♫
♫ Do you know who I am? ♫
♫ You took my heart from the beginning ♫
♫ Even if I close my eyes and cover my ears ♫
♫ My heart broken into pieces again ♫
♫ Will run towards you ♫
♫ If you’re listening to this song, ♫
♫ I want you to know that I mean it ♫
♫ You are so beautiful in any form ♫
♫ You are so beautiful, I’ll protect you ♫
How do we end this?
It's already awkward. Oh so awkward!
Look at that. It's like in the movies!
What? I'm jealous!
What should I say? Actually, please don't say anything.
It was like in the movies, right?
Yeah, m-movies. M-movies.
Oh, I didn't realize there were so many people.
That, I... s-should we grab that and go?
Shall we go?
Wow! So nice!
I enjoyed it tonight.
Oh, I'm not saying that I enjoyed it, but...
Me too. I missed you, and I was happy that I saw you.
How can you...
How can you make someone fall like this?
I am saying this in case you start thinking a lot.
It wasn't a mistake.
I...
I like you.
I apologize that my confession took so long.
From now on, let's not worry about what comes next but be curious.
Okay.
Sleep well.
♫ Can you see my heart for you? ♫
♫ Can you hear my voice calling for you? ♫
♫ You shine like a star ♫
♫ I’m drawing you out in the sky ♫
♫ I will protect you ♫
- Fighting!
- Yes.
Chief Kim, what do you think?
It's tasty.
It's really delicious. This is a good restaurant.
Chief Kim, shall we promote Deputy Editor Jang to Chief Editor?
Her reputation may be bad but she is very good at her job.
However, b-because of her reputation, there may be problems...
Vice President, you should do as you please.
Cheers!
At first, I was searching externally.
For someone who is good at planning advertisement content.
Even so, I can't just act on my own impulses.
Since I need to listen to my coworkers' opinions, think about it well, and share with me your opinion.
In any case, if the advertising revenue continues to fall, it hardly matters whether they're the editor or head of advertising.
One of them will have to take responsibility.
You are right, this is a good restaurant.
Cheers!
♫  ♫
It's a beautiful day.
So beautiful. So beautiful.
♫  ♫
♫  Only you. You... ♫
Yoon Jaeyoung, that watermelon punk.
For the flimsiest reason, you make my mom babysit Doha. Are you even human?
You can't even do your own laundry when you are not even a child.
Aunt's washing machine does Doha's laundry, so how could I put mine there? There's something called a conscience.
What type of silly logic is that?
Why do you put your dirty laundry in my laundry basket?
Did you sleep well?
Yes. You need to wear your tie properly.
Morning coffee.
Did you come to pick me up?
Hmmm... I usually don't like waiting but I was excited.
Goosebumps.
Ah, you two are carpooling as colleagues. That is a good culture.
Yeah. Something like that. I am heading off now, Jaeyoung.
Okay, have a good day.
- I'll be heading off, too.
- Sure, it was nice to see you. Good morning.
What was that?
Today, your contact lens look really pretty.
I am not wearing lens.
My girlfriend.
(T/N: In Korean pronunciation, "lens" and the end of the word "girlfriend" can sound similar.)
- Wow.
- Oh, and also...
- I think I am starting to lose hair.
- Where?
- Here
- Here?
I can't break free from your charm.
(T/N: The Korean word for "break-free" sounds like the English word "hair.")
He must be crazy!
Come here.
Oh my, what's going on?
- What's happened to him?
- Quickly get in.
Good morning, Editor Choi.
Why are you riding a bicycle today?
I plan to commute to and from work by bicycle.
Is it your fantasy to commute to work by bicycle while carrying a backpack?
If you do that, you will hurt your thighs.
I am trying to save on motor fees.
If I save ₩800,000 ($800) in two months, I will have ₩1,600,000($1600).
If I split the ₩900,000 ($900) remaining cost of the ring across 12 months, it will cost ₩75,000 ($75) every month.
Of course, this is without interest.
If I save ₩60,000 ($60) on motor fees each month,
then I will only need to pay ₩15,000 ($15) a month.
Why are you explaining in such detail?
Are you trying to make me feel uncomfortable?
No. You asked why I was riding a bicycle. I was only explaining the reason.
If that made you feel uncomfortable, I apologize. I will head off first.
I guess I should think again.
He lacks flexibility.
Who needs Cartier? I spoke too rashly.
I'll walk you just to the front.
- What if someone sees us?
- People can't see us together?
We are like an office-couple, so we should keep it a secret.
Office-couple?
I'm not going to start playing hard to get at this point.
My first ever confession sounded so sweet like 100 Dalgonas.
Do office-couples have to be secret?
I have never dated someone at work before.
Me neither.
But I wanted to show you off.
I thought you said you wouldn't fall for me. When exactly did you fall?
Every time you got embarrassed in front of me.
Every time you acted disgracefully, I fell for you.
But I can't keep acting disgracefully.
It's suddenly making me worry. What do I do with this man? Calling me disgraceful?
I am no longer worried about anything.
I have crossed the line, and there is no return.
Even if...
there comes a moment
when you are disappointed in me,
please take responsibility and protect
your affections until the very end.
What about your affection for me?
I will protect my affection.
I know myself and I trust myself.
Whatever happens to me, I won't flinch,
so you have to adore me until the end.
- Okay. Promise!
- Promise.
Let's date beautifully for a long time without being caught.
Oh! Oh, there...
- What's going on?
- I hate it.
[Episode 9]
[The moments we say it's love.]
Hello.
Oh! You came early. Tea? Coffee?
I already had coffee.
It feels so nice now that we don't have any pressing deadlines, right?
Bro!
Sorry, just don't kill me.
I wanted you and Hari to stay close. It's not because I didn't want to work.
Hey, this gives me rashes, and it's so itchy!
Seeing both of you indecisive idiots made me feel so frustrated that I just—
I'm sorry.
- Bro, thank you.
- Hm?
As expected, I only have you.
I'll make sure I stick close to her.
I'm going to stick close to her for 52 hours a week.
Huh?
Have you two... Did you give up on being celibate?
Hari doesn't believe in marriage either.
What about the baby?
What about... Hari's baby?
I'll have to believe in a miracle.
- I... think I've started losing hair.
- Here?
Here. I can't break free
from your charms.
Oh, yeah, it's me.
You'll come when we take pictures of Doha's party, right?
Come. You're the one who introduced the place to me.
When it ends, we should eat and watch a movie.
Why should I go and watch a movie with you?
You promised to watch it. Keep your promise! I'm hanging up.
Huh?
He has become the most persistent of beggars. Doing all sorts.
So childish, Yoon Jaeyoung!
Keep your promise! Come on!
Senior! What's with you? With Chief Han!
Huh? Eating together and holding hands!
- Hey.
- I saw you doing all kinds of things.
You two, really... Oh my, oh my!
Come here. Come on!
That's right.
Come here quickly.
What's going on?
Why are you acting like a bully all of a sudden?
I've never encountered this even when I was in school.
This... is expensive.
Have the rumors already started?
How much did you hear?
Hah! Wait, wait.
How far did you go?
Huh? Where would I go?
We didn't do anything.
But you were doing a lot of things outside.
Let's go easy on her. She said "we."
Okay, it's good! It's set!
Senior!
Congratulations! I really thought it wasn't going to work for you...
Fighting!
Now...
Let's end this gossip with you guys.
I've gotten enough attention at work.
Yesterday was Day 1, what if gossip spreads and ruins it?
I want it to last a long time.
Everlasting love? A love that lasts 100 years?
Hari, even though we get to hear top trends and gossip
one month later than anyone.
Even then, we are very quick-witted and insightful so you need to be careful.
Of course! I'll be careful.
Then... has your pregnancy project ended?
Oh, Han Yisang doesn't like kids.
What?
Come on!  The entire staff and even our subscribers know you want kids! I'm sure he's thinking of it.
Right?
I mean, isn't your goal to break the speed limit? (getting pregnant before marriage)
Even if I have to hit full speed on the autobahn,
we've only dated for a day, so... talking about pregnancy is a little too fast.
I'm thinking it's something we'll end up discussing even if I  don't specifically plan it out.
We are old enough, and we've already kissed, so—
- Kiss?
- You kissed?!
Oh my goodness! You already did that?
Oh my gosh!
That's so good! Yay!
You said you would take care of this!
What is this sloppy job you have done?
How many times do I have to tell you for you to understand?
Get back to work!
Is there anything you can do correctly?
Oh, Daughter.
What's going on? Calling me suddenly.
London?
How are you going to go there alone?
How can I leave work?
Does she have to get lessons from a professor?
I mean I can use my vacation days from the summer,
- but I have some work to do at the company.
- She's not even a middle schooler yet.
Why is she already preparing for the entrance exam?
Anyway, I feel too bad to go on a trip and have fun.
Who said I wasn't proud of our kid? I also want her to be the next Mozart.
Huh? Mozart didn't like the flute?
All I'm saying is... that we should live within our means.
- Dad...
- I'm...
- ...having a hard time.
- Oh... Okay...
- Let's talk later.
Yes.
I'm going up right now.
I'm on my way. Come up slowly. Okay?
I'm on my way to you.
I'm coming down right now.
You're coming, right? Wait, wait, wait.
What about your seniors? I don't know. They all went somewhere.
- Here.
- Thank you.
Change of plans! Change of plans. 1st floor.
- Is someone there?
- The company workers don't use these stairs though.
- Is there another office couple beside us?
- There might be.
We're already occupying this place.
Go somewhere else.
Did you pack your lunch?
I want to save the lunch costs. Let's say lunch usually costs about 8,000 won ($8), and I often eat out for dinner, too.
If I save about 300,000 won ($300) a month, I can save back up the amount I had
before I bought the ring in just six months.
No... Just don't buy the Cartier ring.
You should buy the one that's 18k. If you get a cheap ring, you'll get rejected for seeming cheap.
To be honest, since this is my first confession,
I want to do well.
It's my first time liking someone this much
and I hope she likes me and my confession.
I'm like a fool, right?
Yes. Well... I didn't know you were this much of a fool.
Will this be enough? Let's go and eat something tasty.
- Ah, it's okay. It's good to save.
- No... No.
[Emergency Spicy Rice Cake]
Everything tastes good when we eat together.
Aigoo, is it tasty, my baby? To the point that you have sauce on your mouth?
My goodness, my goodness.
How cute. How cute.
But... this is unexpectedly thrilling.
I found out that people have small intervals of dates in places like the pantry and in front of the copier.
I thought you said all the reporters already knew? And Soocheol already knows. Can this really be called a secret?
But only they know.
Since they're my people, they are loyal to these types of things.
But... I feel like you'll get caught because you're too obvious, Hari.
Am I... Hari now?
Well, if you like nicknames... Cutie?
Oh, no way!
Because I'm brusque, I can never do, "Hari wants this!"
Wow.
This is a big problem. A big problem. You're so cute that I'm getting angry.
You should only do this in front of me. If you do it in front of others, I'll just... You can't!
But don't you think we'll get caught here?
There's a spicy rice cake shop in front of our company.
And between us colleagues,
we can eat together. It's not like we're getting caught while kissing.
♫ Today I wish to fly just like a bird ♫
♫  I'd want to go anywhere together with you ♫
♫  A feeling like I'm falling in love ♫
Deputy Editor!
It was a game to see who pays. The person who makes a sound first loses. Since we tied, let's do half-half. Move aside!
Gosh, I was so surprised.
I'm only saying this cause she said all the reporters know, but it's a bit thrilling.
I don't know why they're like that, but it must be fun.
We should also do the same later.
I... I don't know what it is, but we should do it later.
Ah, it'll be fun!
I'm sorry.
I thought it wouldn't seem real if I pinched you softly.
It's okay.
But your strength... Wow!
I agreed to take pictures of Kang Hyojoo.
Since she said she's getting her body in tip-top shape, it'll probably be next month?
Kang Hyojoo.
Why? Should I not take the photos?
What do you mean? I draw firm boundaries between business and personal.
You should take the photos so well that I explode with jealousy.
Oh~ As expected, my girlfriend.
Professional! So cool.
Ah. I am cool.
What's the point of us keeping our mouths shut?
They say a yawn, a burp, a sneeze, and love can't be hidden.
Is love in that category?
Love... is instinctual.
But still, burp is...
Goodness...
Goodnight.
- You're excited.
- Why are you out?
Are you... really dating that jerk?
He's not a jerk but Chief Han or Han Yisang.
Okay.
Are you seriously dating Chief Han Yisang?
Then do you think I'm meeting him to have fun for a short while in this urgent situation?
He's someone I've waited for for ten years.
Yesterday... was day one.
Day one my butt.
Why are you counting the days? Are you checking beforehand how many days it'll take for you to break up?
You're picking a fight because you're lonely, right? I'm counting because I'm planning to go for 3-9,000 days.
Ugh, really, that behavior of yours.
You better come to Doha's party when we take pictures!
Okay!
You promised!
This little!
They said we need to retake the sandbox shots from before.
What's the reason?
I got the outfit sponsorship based on the pictorial concept,  but they said that the outfits are too flashy.
I mean, can't kids play around with designer clothes?
Deputy Editor Jang said that?
Then who would it be?
This person really won't do.
W-Who? Senior Hari?
Her judgment...
is so accurate. I can't say no.
Your reaction makes me cringe.
You've totally lost it...
Thanks to that, you're getting it reshot.
Since you say it's thanks to that, let me tip you off.
Hari wants to run the A1 Grand Prix.
She dreams of breaking the speed limit, but she's shy and has a lot of romantic dreams
so she's probably abiding by the speed limit.
You understand what I'm saying, right?
What if someone you love appears? What if you have a child without meaning to?
Have you never wanted to be a father?
The two of them nearly got caught by Eutteum kissing at the spicy rice cake shop.
They were about to get caught by Seungho and I at the emergency exit stairs.
Do you think they don't know what secretly dating means?
Maybe they're wanting to be found out?
Kids...
Aren't you being too blatant about your gossiping?
It's so obvious when you all stop at once like that,
you little sneaks.
- Oh... Senior.
- Hm?
There is a company announcement.
Let's see. Let's see.
[Personnel Notification]
[From Deputy to Acting Editor in Chief. The Baby Editorial Department. Jang Hari]
Manager.
You should come and see me.
Like the Chief Editor Shin, why do you talk with your eyes?
Tell me everything you know.
What?
You men are banding together because the company has more female employees.
When the general manager notified me of my position, without saying anything,
he would have prepared for my opposition.
I think that provides your consent.
Wow...
I didn't know you were this smart.
I've always consistently been smart.
And my temper is the same.
So who are they bringing in?
They're looking for someone outside the company.
Someone who is good at planning the advertisement contents.
I was also troubled.
I really, to be honest, wanted to take your side.
But if the advertisement sales drop again, they said they'll fire either you or me, so what could I do?
I'm the breadwinner of my household. At this age, with my abilities.
There is no place for me to get re-employed.
I also have a lot of years and experience!
My God, really.
I can go, right?
Damn.
I'm sorry.
I'm going crazy.
I heard the news from Soocheol.
Shall I go there right now?
[Don't worry about it.  I know I have you by my side, so I'm not afraid of trouble.]
Seeing as you're leisurely enjoying a hobby in the afternoon,
you must not be an office worker.
I'm a freelance photographer. I take photos.
That's a cool job.
How did you think of doing leather crafts?
Doing something I've never done is my hobby.
Oh my. Oh my, me too.
It's because I was unable to do a lot when I was younger.
At my age, what else can we do except for hobbies?
I also started because my life wasn't fun.
I needed to have some meaning.
Otherwise, I felt like I was going to disappear.
How could a young person
think similarly to me?
Have you not married yet?
No, not yet.
Oh my, that's good. I know someone really well who is a building heiress,
would you like to meet her?
Although she isn't a building heiress,
I have a very cool and pretty girlfriend.
It hasn't been that long since we started dating, but I want to treat her well and look good for her
so that I can make sure she sticks around.
Is that so?
You should just have acted like you had one from the start! Why did you act like there were special circumstances?
[Resignation]
Manager Jang,
are you really going to act recklessly like this?
It's been 30 years since The Baby started, and I've been a part of it for about half of its life.
Without missing a single one.
I know! That's why I appreciate you.
But, regardless, I'm doing my job, so I can't help it if you're disappointed!
That's why I told you to move onto another publication last time.
Until a new spot opens, work at "the baby" and then look somewhere else.
Since you've judged myself as inadequate for editor-in-chief, it's only right for me to resign.
If you quit so suddenly, how will anyone create the magazine?!
You acted because you thought I wouldn't quit, didn't you?
Why are you abusing my loyalty?
All right.
If you're acting like this because you're hurt,
tell me what you want!
You need to negotiate, why are you taking drastic measures?!
Because the position of editor-in-chief isn't on the negotiation table.
General Manager, I'm not doing this because I'm angry.
Apart from the issue I caused, there is also the fact that I am single without a baby of my own.
If I became an example, the junior employees who are talented but unmarried will suffer.
I should at least fight like this.
Are you saying the comprehensive evaluation is unfair?
Please judge according to skill and ability.
If I'm still lacking then,
I'll leave without any regrets.
Hey, wait—
Here we go.
Your wrist is hurting, right? I bought an extra one while I was buying mine.
Oh, wow. Oh, thank you!
No worries.
Some lucky girl got a good one.
Welcome!
Two iced Americanos, please.
Which type of coffee beans would you like?
The Yirgacheffe, please.
Excellent! Perfect choice.
What's up with the pain-relieving patches? Did you hurt yourself?
No, it's nothing.
In any case, good job.
I've also wanted to throw a resignation letter and quit before, too.
It wasn't a big deal. I should've done it earlier and more angrily.
Really good job.
I don't have anywhere to go. I don't know if I made a mistake.
What will happen to the next book? Will the girls be able to make one on their own?
I mean, I don't have a child, but it's not like I don't have the ability.
- You have the ability!
- What's the purpose of dealing with all this contempt and disdain?
Contempt and disdain!
- They're losing out.
- Yes, they're losing out.
The girls are worried that they'll end up like me.
But if I end up getting fired, it'll be a good lesson to not become like me. Right?
What is this?
Tada!
This is not something I just picked up. It's a first,
but I made this craftsmanship with all of my soul.
- You made it?
- Yeah.
- Doctor...
- Yes?
What... are you doing?
I'm assessing—
I apologize, it looked like you were in pain.
All right, let's take a look.
It's okay, it's okay.
Doctor,
aren't you going to pick up Doha? It's past pickup time.
Yoon Jaeyoung, what are you doing?
Bye! Get home safe!
- Oh, Dad, hello!
- Sorry, I'm late. I got caught up at work.
Where's Doha?
Because we couldn't get ahold of you, we called the auntie-grandmother.
She just picked her up.
Auntie?
Apologies.
- Hey, pretty girl.
- Auntie!
- Sorry! I'll take her.
- Did you have a lot of patients?
It's okay.  I brought the stroller so I could take her home.
What good is it to keep her at the clinic? She can't shake her cough.
I'm sorry I keep burdening both you and Doha.
I also didn't know that I would be taking care of your kid, but what can you do?
I feel bad for both you and Doha.
I didn't mean to do this.
I keep realizing after I miss out.
How do you have the luxury to get faint-hearted while raising a child on your own?
If you don't get your act together, I'm not going to watch Doha.
All right. I'm always thankful, Auntie.
Go.
- Get home safe.
- All right.
Oh, my little baby.
Ah, geez.
Ah, I don't think we'll get the call.
Wasn't the message for you to quit in the first place?
- Senior, did you really say you were going to quit?
- Yes.
Don't you need to fight with your life in order to live?
But you could really lose your life.
I guess we'll get a new editor-in-chief.
Why are you acting out of character? You should've just clung on like you always do!
I can just quit! This is gross and unfair! I didn't want to do it!
Ah!
What about us?
Yes, this is Jang Hari. Yes, General Manager?
Yes.
So we just need to move forward with "The Mom" just like before?
The president is sensitive to the readers' reactions.
If we gather all the readers who left,
they'll give me the editor-in-chief position.
No matter what, it sounds like they're asking you to resign.
- Right?
- Hey.
It's better to sort it all out amidst the readers' opposition before getting promoted.
Since they're suspicious of your content knowledge skills, let's show them that.
You're so smart.
There is an idea that I've been thinking about.
But will it work?
What is it?
Soyoon!
- X!
- That's right.
W-What do you think you're doing?!
[the baby Editing Department]
[Beat Chief Reporter Jang Hari!]
No one's arrived yet.
All right.
Good!
Ugh, seriously. You don't want to?
Why don't you want to?
You have to wear it to be pretty. Dad wants you to look pretty in this.
You have a lot of confidence in your beauty.
Wait!
Let's call a referee. What is she doing?
Bring it.
[I can't pick a picture of Do Ah. Come over right away after work.]
Welcome!
Hello!
Please take a seat.
It is a question regarding infant care. Its level is of the highest difficulty.
Do you see these? These products are for you to take.
All right, then. Beat Jang Hari.
Let's begin!
Fighting!
All right, first question.
Picture, please.
- What brand is this baby bottle from?
- Me! Me!
- What do you mean, me?!
- The mom! The mom!
Momma, Momma, Fat Baby Bottle.
Please give her a prize
Congrats!
The next question is a song quiz!
Listen to the song, and give us the song title. Please give us the song.
Mom! I—
Jang Hari! Pororo!
Pororo, which one?
Which one?
The mom. The second one.
Correct!
Congrats!
Next "The Mom," please come out.
There are two similar porridges in front of you.
Please guess which one is candle wax, and which one is porridge.
- Jang Hari! Wax and porridge.
- Correct!
How old is this child?
Jang Hari! 12 months.
12 months! Correct! Okay!
Over here!
It's hard, right? You're almost done.
My goodness! So pretty, my daughter.
Do you want to see Aunt Hari?
Dad wants to see her, too.
Aunt Hari must be coming.
What brings you here?
Oh, I'm Yoon Doha's mother.
Good job.
Are you going to become a soccer player?
Mom, you should join in.
All right, I'll take a family picture.
Did Hari tell you?
There was a call at the hospital. They just told me the address, nothing else.
Just take this picture. I don't want Doha to get hurt.
Just a second.
All right, I'll take the picture.
One, two, three!
Did you have fun?
Having worked here for 15 years, I can guess a child's age in months by simply looking at a picture.
The reason for me, who has no experience in parenting, giving you guys a challenge is because
we wanted to show you our weaknesses, and our strengths.
The work that we're doing, is because we wanted to assist in the parenting processes that don't have any perfect answers.
Please think of us as a point of reference, and as a friend.
I'm right, right? You're the girl who was going to buy sperm illegally.
How could you do that? Without a conscious?
Because of my personal life, you may question
my right to be a reporter for parenting.
From my perspective, because you all got angry as mothers, but also after reading my article,
understood my desire to become a mother.
I've wanted to become a better reporter and a better mom.
I've met a lot of mothers in the last 15 years,
and I've only wanted to become a mother more.
I'll learn more, and I'll share more information.
So, please come back.
Please!
Where is it?
Not it.
Mom!
Eutteum! Eutteum!
It's me, Eutteum!
Eutteum.
Why are you sneaking around? I thought you were a thief and got scared!
I'm sorry I scared you.
Wh-Wh-What did you get hit with? Did you get hit with a watermelon?
Did I hit your face?
No! It didn't hurt at all. Are you all right?
Ah, seriously.
Why do you keep getting abused by me!
You shouldn't hit someone no matter how much they deserve it.
I'm sorry, I'll try to stop deserving to be hit and only do good things. I'm sorry.
Eutteum, I can never understand you.
You only do annoying things, but I can't hate you.
So then, if I only do likeable things, you'll like me. Right?
Senior, can you give me your hand for a second?
I got my palm read one day...
But your palm...
What? What is that? What is that?!
What are you doing?
Why is this here?
Yeah, I was just curious.
You know, those moments when you just want to?
Just wan- just...
All of a sudden?
Get rid of this.
This is too big, too.
Who on earth are you trying to give it to by testing it on me?
Just a moment, I have a situation so let me just try...
Just a moment...
Are you going to try everything here on me?
This is really the last one! I'll just try this and be done.
Wow, amazing!
I really can't understand you.
I thought about what if someone else wanted it,
but I couldn't do it. Because it's you
that's why I wanted to try it.
But... I don't think I can give it to you.
The door's open! Come in.
It was you? I thought it was Eunyoung.
Why are you meddling? Why would you call Jungwon?
I was just thinking about Doha.
Would she look at her baby pictures and think, "Oh, this is when my mom abandoned me?"
I was afraid she'd think that.
Do you really hate her that much?
No. I hate you more.
Ah, seriously! Why do you always act like a brat?
So immature.
Hey, Jang Hari.
What? Huh? Why?
Do you think I'll get scared because you're acting like this?
Do you want me to get back together with Jungwon?
That's you guys' problem.
I don't.
I don't want you to date Han Yisang!
Why is the door open?
What are you guys doing? Are you fighting again?
No, we're not.
Gosh!
Get a grip, guys. Get it together.
Why are you guys fighting again?
I just got mad, all right? Just let it go.
All right, all right. It's all my fault.
I caught my brother-in-law cheating and sent a picture to my sister, right?
But she's mad at me.
Why?
She knew about it this entire time and pretended to not know.
But because of me, she can't pretend anymore so she's throwing a fit.
My sister can't live without my brother-in-law.
Because of the kids, they can't get a divorce.
If you have a kid, even if you divorce, your relationship doesn't end.
I understand you're in a bad mood because you met your ex-wife.
What can I do about being really happy when I'm finally dating after ten years?
Even if you hate seeing it, tolerate it.
What excuse do you have not to tolerate it?
I'm proud of you, Jang Hari!
I thought you were going to grow old alone. My goodness, seriously. Hey,
forget about kids, just date! Don't get married!
I wonder what kind of man he is. I want to see him quickly.
You're going to be shocked when you see him.
Talking about him makes me miss him more.
That's enough.
Don't get hurt and cry all night. Moderate yourself.
How can you moderate how much you love?
Do you measure out your love and only give and take a certain amount?
Why do you think we're going to break up?
You were always like that.
Getting hurt, coming back, getting hurt, coming back.
You're such a horrible jerk, seriously...
Bye.
Yoon Jaeyoung!
- Is it your dream to end relations?
- What?
After all this time, how can you look at her that way?
If she finds out you have feelings, Hari won't see you.
What did I do?
You're blocking me like this from seeing her. What can I do?
It was to that extent?
She's so happy that she finally has someone she likes in ten years.
She doesn't see you. If you do that, you can't even be her friend.
- Come on!  Come on!
- My goodness, how pretty!
Here!
Look.
Despite everything, your mother managed to pick out a good gift.
It's fascinating, right?
Really.
Even if it doesn't end well with that guy, Hari won't go to you.
If you want to keep seeing her, don't get caught and sort out your feelings.
Try it again!
Look at this.
Look at this! Look at this.
[Jang Hari]
Shall I call...?
Oh?
Hello?
How did you call at the right time? Did you know that I missed you?
- Did you not know that I missed you?
- Oh...
Did you win or "The Mom"?
My head got hit a lot.
A hole was about to form.
I should go and blow on it.
Where should we go next time?
There's a spicy rice cake shop in front of my house. Do you want to go? It's really delicious.
Will you be okay?
It was hard for you mentally at that time.
This time, I think I'll be able to withstand it.
You have to get the hormone shot twice a week for more than three months.
But since you said it'll be hard to go to the hospital every week, I'll teach you how to insert the shot.
As you know, the results you want may not come out.
If there's no effect after 3 months... 6 months... or even 1 year... I'll do it until it works.
Did you tell your girlfriend?
I should have.
I will. Even if it's now.
[Urology Specialist]
Come in, come in. Hurry.
[the baby]
I knew it!
I don't know why it won't come in.
I thought it wouldn't come in.
Good job!
Did you see? "The Mom" has all gathered back.
Okay.
I saw the video. Chairman did too and he told me to come on up.
He didn't say anything?
I would know once I go.
If there's no particular issue, the result will come out.
You did well, Chief Editor Jang.
You did it!  Good job!
Chief Editor Jang!
Now... we should clean up and leave. Thank you.
It's because of you guys.
♫  Love is here ♫
♫ I'm by your side ♫
♫ Can you see my hand? ♫
♫ Open your heart ♫
♫ I can see it ♫
♫ in your eyes ♫
♫ The heart that wells up in your tears ♫
[You're Right]
♫ So I'm gonna say I'll be there ♫
♫ Embrace that heart ♫
♫ Remember the love that stays by your side ♫
♫ It's not too far away  ♫
♫ Open up your heart and look ♫
♫ Because I'm here I want to show you my heart ♫
♫ My love is all around ♫
Hello?
Where are you?
Here.
I feel really good today!
Because I feel good, I thought about you all day and missed you even more.
So... I need to say something today.
I love you.
I... love you too.
Jang Hari.
♫ Don't say anything ♫
♫ Like fate, you're still by my side ♫
♫  It's only you for me ♫
♫ The one person who approaches me  ♫
Hari didn't come in.
Did you not hear anything?
Are you worried that Hari is going to live without a child?
I'm worried she's going to live alone.
Are you okay... for Hari to give birth and raise a baby alone?
What mother wants her daughter to receive hate?
It's my wish for her to meet a good man, have a child with him, and live well.
Since she can't have a baby, she can at least do that.
Aunt... shall I bring her to live with me?
You?
Well, I... I can just be by her side like now.
Until now... I've done that.
♫ Do you see my feelings for you? ♫
♫ Do you hear my voice calling for you? ♫
♫ I'm drawing you, like a star, shining brightly  ♫
♫ I'll protect you ♫
[Oh My Baby]
I want to take you to my house right now.
Do you want to eat ramen and go?
(Korean form of "netflix and chill")
Can you change out the fluorescent lights?
What fluorescent lights? Where is this fluorescent light that you want changed?
Are you free on Saturday?
Please give me some time.
I went to buy a Cartier ring.
We... are dating.
If I didn't meet Jungwon, what would we be like now?
Do you like Hari?
Yes. What should I do?
♫ Can you hear me? ♫